hey guys ninja pick her back I had a
chance to go to a community type yard
sale of a group that I met for facebook
and lady next to me was selling these
shoes and you know I got the old line oh
my son my son uh paid 300 hours for this
for my son's girlfriend paid 300 hours
for these shoes and I just want to get
rid of them for 20 so I'm thinking yeah
right so I looked at a little closer
these are the Superman shoes and it's
the real deal says Clark Kent on the
hill there this is also known in and
these are made by DC Comics and each
show I don't know if you can see that
can see some numbers there they're
individually numbered and you show you
the rest of Man of Steel it's like
newspaper newspaper ink get the Superman
logo on there and these are built on the
apparently tonight Air Force One or
Force One platforms I don't think
they're built by night but a lot a lot
of really cool detail on these get the
skyline there and man is still these are
some really good quality shoes I can see
how these would be kind of expensive
there are people that are selling these
things for for two hundred ninety seven
dollars on ebay right now and look other
places on the web and they haven't the
similar price so I'm probably going to
put them on for Superman right there
pipe 114 and the low twos try to get
them sold or their size 12 these are
brand new just look at the tissue paper
in there and still still tied up from
the factory pretty cool
so that was a big square actually will
make more money off these shoes than I
did selling stuff at the garage sale so
that was a nice surprise i think i made
about 100 after at the garage sale save
the box and and some more information
the things that are missing our there's
a there was a newspaper type paper and
harrying of the paper they put in when
you're buying shoes and also a couple
inserts which looked pretty cool but
they don't come with this some that I
picked up the other day i was wonder if
anybody could shed any light on these on
this this is a lamp it appears to be
some kind of porcelain with a brass base
couldn't find any markings on there but
if anybody has any info or have any
knowledge of this particular lamp I'd
appreciate it let me know one a one tip
I did pick up I was talking to a lady
that I know at the yard sale and she
said my mom has some sniffle lamps not
like stuff why I don't know anything
about lambs and I looked them up and if
you see sniffle printed or engraved any
place on the top you know how the thing
goes up in here it holds a light bulb
and all that you see stiff less pif fpl
buy that lamp you can buy it for like 5
or 10 or less dollars even a little more
think about picking it up do a search on
it on ebay the sold listings and you'll
see the floor lamp so let me go over
lake grand sell for grant and minimum
you're going to be able to sell them for
if done a decent shape it's like 100
bucks apiece so appreciate any help with
this the Superman a shoes should be on
the market or on the ebay pretty soon
I'll put the link below to my ebay store
and hope you're all having a great day
enjoy the fall day take a ninja pick her
out